
===============
-GSAR LOG FILE-
===============


---"first"---
ft_captain.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_dedede.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_diddy.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_donkey.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_falco.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_fox.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_gamewatch.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_ganon.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_iceclimber.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_ike.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_kirby.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_koopa.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_link.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_lucario.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_lucas.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_luigi.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_mario.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_marth.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_metaknight.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_ness.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_peach.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_pikachu.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_pikmin.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_pit.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_poke.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_purin.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_robot.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_samus.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_snake.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_sonic.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_toonlink.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_wario.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_wolf.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_yoshi.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_zako.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_zelda.rel: 1 occurrence changed


---"second"---
ft_captain.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_dedede.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_diddy.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_donkey.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_falco.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_fox.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_gamewatch.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_ganon.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_ike.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_kirby.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_koopa.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_link.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_lucario.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_lucas.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_luigi.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_mario.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_marth.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_metaknight.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_ness.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_peach.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_pikachu.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_pikmin.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_pit.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_poke.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_purin.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_robot.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_samus.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_snake.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_sonic.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_toonlink.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_wario.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_wolf.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_yoshi.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_zako.rel: 1 occurrence changed
ft_zelda.rel: 1 occurrence changed


==============
-GSAR LOG END-
==============
